Hello friends, all of you are welcome
to Technical Mau YouTube channel.  In today's
video, we will learn
how to get insurance from CSC, that too from ICIC Lamborgh
and along with that, if you have bought a new bike
and with the new bike, you get 5 years
insurance, that is, you get 5 years insurance in
which the insurance for the first year is first party
and the insurance for the second year is third party.
So as our first year
insurance has expired.  So how will you
insure the second year?  Despite the third party,
your premium will also be less and you
can get insurance.  So first of all
you have to go here and
login to the CSC portal in the insurance tab.
After that, come to the insurance tab
and from here you have to click on Motor Third Party.
After that search ICIC here.   If you
scroll down from here or
search ICIC here,
you will get ICIC motor.  You click
on Click Here.  After that there is simply nothing to do here.
If you want to
renew then simply you have to
click on Get Code here.   It will take
some time to search.
Wait a little and here you have to say yes.
If you have
5 years of third party insurance and
only one year of first party insurance, and you
want to have first party insurance for the second year also, then
you will have to say yes here.
After saying yes, you have to
enter your vehicle number here.  After that
click on Get RTO Details.
As soon as you click on Get RTO Details,
more than half of the details will be automatically
taken.  Even if it is not taking it,
you can manually check whether the correct details have been
taken or not.  Whether the registration date is
correct here or not.  Has the company come properly
or not?  What is sometimes called Kabhar?   It does
n't work because of the server.  So,
which company's car do you have here
?  Manufacturing like Heronda
so Hero Motorp select your sub.
Select the model number here.
Like in my case it is Super Splendor.   The same
process applies to all vehicles.
You won't get much of an exchange.  So
you can search in this way.  After that click
next.   We will
scroll down here.
Policy Start.  Your customer's
address will automatically appear here.  As you
can see here, the customer's address has been automatically
selected.  Here the policy
start date is left as it is.  Have to
scroll down.  Coming down to
Vehicle Manufacturing which will be there on your RC
paper and leave it as it is
and from here you remove the tick mark
because you will already have this cover
because if you do not remove the tick mark then
your premium will also be
added to it.  After that we have to come down.   You have to
scroll down and come down.  Here,
if you want to take any additional cover, you can
take it.  Now scroll down.
Now here you have to enter the details of when the previous policy
started and when it ended.
After that, let there be
one in the previous policy here.  And
here you have to pay attention to the NBC previous policy,
if you have
not made any claim in the last one year then you are given a 20%
discount here.  You can
avail that discount.  Now here you have to enter the
third party policy start date and policy
end date, that is, your third party which is 5 years old, then
when did it start and when will it end,
enter your complete date here.
After that the policy number.  Let us
put in all the details.  As we have
entered the policy number.  Now scroll
down here and search for the policy of which company it was.
Like
mine was Tata, I will select Tata Pay here.
After that,
if you want to take accidental cover of Rs 15 lakh, then say
yes to it.  If you don't
want to take it then say no and click on get code.
As you can see, your
premium has come here, total ₹700, that is, for ₹700,
your first party insurance will be available
for the second year also and here
your additional details have come automatically, which include
engine number, chassis number, all the details have come.
All you have to do is fill in the details like name etc. here
and click on pay out.  So
let us fill in the name etc. here.
Before taking the policy, check the complete details
carefully here to ensure that no mistake has been made,
otherwise you may face problems.
Let us see all the details.
Now we click on Buy Now Policy.
You can also print it by printing the proposal from here.
Let us
click on Buy Now.  You have to cut it and enter your password of
your CSC in it.
Click on Validate.  After that
enter your PIN.  Click on Pay.
As you can see, the payment has been successful
and our policy will be generated within 1 minute.
As you can see, our policy has been
generated.  Policy start date and
policy end date also appear on the screen.
You can view the PDF from here.  In
this way, you can get
insurance for the second year from CSC and you will
also get huge benefits in it.  So let's
see it's done.  Now from here
we will view PDF.  So you can see the PDF from here.
Let's do the pay view PDF here.   When we view the
PDF, we take it full screen here.
As you can see,
you will get all the details here in this manner.  So in this
way you can also take first party insurance
for the second year.
So we hope you liked the video a lot.
If you liked the video then
please like and share it with your friends
and tell us in the comments how you liked this
video.  Let's meet
in the next video.  Bye bye till then.